Studio Massa presents
An original Dutch animated pilot
Senpai, I have loved always of you
I know
Senpai, please gentle!
No
Hey Maya!
Oh hey *cough*
Oh, uhm, hey! Coco! Uhm....
...didn't you notice anything about my door?
Hmm?
Oh, now that you mention it, yeah!
What are you doing?
NOTHING
I was just, eh...
Appreciating landscape art.
Oh, what a wonderful pastime!
I myself am a great admirer of Pierneef's geometrical landscape studies from the twenties.
Who's your favorite painter?
Eh...
Hitler?
Hmm, uhm...
So, the history presentations are tomorrow, and I'm having some... uhm...
...technical problems?
Oh, uhm... so what happened?
Eh, have you tried turning it off and on again?
But then I thought...
Hey, Maya is always on the computer, so she probably knows everything about making presentations.
So what'd you think about working together <gezelligly>?
I'm stuck.
I've tried to move forward.
I really did, but...
....every time I try...
...I only make it worse for myself.
No, really.
I'm not even being metaphorical, I really am stuck.
No panic...
Remember, it's just a phase...
...nothing to worry about....
Just imagine it...
...no school...
...no adoptive sisters...
...no eternal ex  -
Blimey! These aren't spices...
Uhm, Mymy, what are you doing-
Well well well, just as I thought!
We've captured a cowardly deserter!
Uhm, could you perhaps, untie me-
Silence, barbaric Belgian!
On the orders of the Lords XVII, every single traitor has to be extrajudicially keelhauled!
Eh, I'm from Brabant, actually...
But, for such a...
...DELICATE specimen, I can think of a more useful ACTIVITY...
...if you know what I mean...
Oh, are you going to colonize my Virgin Islands?
No.
You get a one-way-ticket to the RICE FIELDS, you filthy sodomite!
What are you thinking of your bloody sister, Fritzl?
Uhm, well, technically, in case of adoption it's not-
IMPLYING?!
Uhm, I mean, I was just playing along!
Ugh, this is THEATRE, not one of those decadent
oriental animated films of yours!
Do you even read my articles in the school paper?
"ANIME:
JAP CAMPS FOR THE SOUL"
Nothing personal Maya,
I'm just somewhat exalted for the most important day of the year?!
Could you untie me-
HISTORY PRESENTATION DAY!
Behold!
I've really surpassed myself this year Maya!
My performance will be so awe-inspiring, I'll finally be promoted to class representative!
Or, in other words...
ABSOLUTE EMPRESS OVER THE SERVING UNTERMENSCH-
That's NOT what a class representative does-
I assure you Maya,
tomorrow you'll get a history presentation you won't soon forget!
"h"
"hist"
AHHH!
Puss.
Now where do I get my history from?
"History"
"34 tabs"
...and that was my presentation.
Any questions?
Yeah no, that was literally just a list of reasons why you should be class representative...
...it had absolutely nothing to do with history at all.
Hey, hey, I... I  also talked about slavery...
Eh, yeah, the reinstatement of slavery, of...
...first years?
Yeah no, you failed so you'll have to resit.
Nuh-uh.
Mymy, not this again...
I'm gonna do it!
I'll do a... schoolocaust, unless I become class representative.
Mymy, this is not America.
Watch out! These bullets are reusable!
No standing on the tables.
After class, resit scheduling in my office.
Nice play at the end!
Play?
The next presentation is from...
...Maya.
I-I have a... presentation?
Maya...
...EVERYONE has a presentation.
Uhm... oh!
I believe I was sick, on the day that we got-
And there was NOBODY to catch you up?
Uhm...
So, the history presentations are tomorrow...
HISTORY PRESENTATION DAY!
No.
After class, my office.
Coco.
Presentation. By Coco.
Hello, everybody.
My presentation is about the history of love.
Specifically:
Mollusk love in ancient Japan.
Nowadays, it's very normal for girls to fall in love with other boys.
But in Japan, girls also fell in love with octopi.
This might sound strange, but it was all in the history.
In fact, I have found an animated film that has illustrated this love.
Let's have a look!
What did I do wrong?
Don't mind me it's only me
See right through me
I'd much rather die than go out
So please leave me alone
Don't perceive me
It's only me